[clang] Fix implicit integer conversion for opaque enums declared in class templates (#121039)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed internal assertion firing when a declaration in the implicit global

>   module is found through ADL. (GH#109879)

Author: Oh thanks! I adopted the pattern used in the note before and didn't notice that it doesn't match the others.

- Fixed a crash when an unscoped enumeration declared by an opaque-enum-declaration within a class template

>   with a dependent underlying type is subject to integral promotion. (GH#117960)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with a dependent underlying type is subject to integral promotion. (#GH117960)
```
